An objection isn't a no.
1.2
It's a request for a better answer.
1.3
Here are the seven you'll hear most — and exactly how to answer them.
2.1
Too expensive?
2.2
Compare materials, then lifetimes.
2.3
Compressed wood costs under a hundred rupees a square foot; SilverStone is around five hundred — for the material alone.
2.4
Wood kitchens fight termites, water, and fungus, and often need replacing within five to seven years.
2.5
Stone stays as good as new for decades.
2.6
On lifetime cost, Magppie is usually the smarter investment.
3.1
Need to think about it?
3.2
Never push.
3.3
Equip.
3.4
Offer a short SilverStone video and installation photos on WhatsApp, a quick expert video call, or a sample sent home.
3.5
Then let them choose: which would work better for you?
4.1
Already have a designer?
4.2
Welcome it — we collaborate with designers constantly: technical drawings, 3-D renders, seamless coordination.
4.3
Many designers recommend us because SilverStone raises the value of their projects.
4.4
No showroom in their city?
4.5
Systems build trust: central manufacturing, trained in-house installers, written commitments, pan-India support.
4.6
Never heard of Magppie?
4.7
We're premium — we don't mass-market.
4.8
Fifty-plus years of heritage, the Ambanis and Dhoni, and a KBIS twenty-twenty-six award.
5.1
The technical three.
5.2
Why not natural stone?
5.3
Mining harms the environment, and granite and marble are porous — they stain and harbour bacteria.
5.4
Too heavy?
5.5
The cabinet structure distributes the load — no flooring impact.
5.6
Brittle?
5.7
Stronger than granite — the ceramic-jar drop test left it intact.
6.1
Write these down.
6.2
One — price objection: compare lifetimes, not stickers — wood is often replaced in five to seven years; stone is guaranteed for twenty-five.
6.3
Two — need to think?
6.4
Equip, never push: video, call, or sample.
6.5
Three — designer?
6.6
Collaborate.
6.7
No showroom?
6.8
Systems.
6.9
Unknown brand?
6.10
Premium positioning.
6.11
Four — heavy is engineered for; brittle is stronger than granite.
7.1
Seven objections, seven confident answers.
7.2
Quiz time.